Add meta description to some pages (#3794)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/user-manual/reference/daemons/ossec-agentd.rst

.. Copyright (C) 2021 Wazuh, Inc.
.. meta::

>   :description: Find out more about how to configure the ossec-agentd daemon with Wazuh.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :description: The ossec-agentd program is the client-side daemon that handles communications with the server. Find out more in this section. 
```
